Contact 
All questions and submission may be sent to ______
Objective 
Use Unity to create a simple game to show your understandings of OOP, Unity3d, problem 
solving and data driven applications. The game’s purpose is to control a rolling sphere and collide 
with 10 different randomly placed cubes of two colors on a flat plane. The game ends once 
each cube is collided or the 60 second timer ends. You and you only may complete this 
specification in any way or solution you please. Third party utilities are allowed (ie: XML loading 
library). 
Specification 
. Scenes 
o Main Menu Starting 
scene for game 
. “Start game” button that is loading “Game” scene 
. Top score that 
is displaying best score 
o Game Where 
this awesome game lives in 
. Where the actual game is played with the ball and cubes 
. After completion the player should be moved back to “Main menu” 
. Data 
o A static data file (.txt, csv, xml – doesn’t matter) will contain the parameters of the cubes 
that are spawned in the game. This game only should have two defined cubes, but 
flexible for an unlimited amount. Parameters for cubes are: color and points gained 
after hitting such cube 
. Map 
o Map should be a limited, flat plane. Ten cubes should be spawned randomly on this map. 
Type for each cube should also be chosen randomly. (Types are defined in static data file 
– mentioned above). 

. Scoring 
o Once the sphere collides with a cube, the score will increment by the defined amount in 
the parameters set by the data. If you collide with a preceding cube of the same color, 
that cube’s score will be multiplied by the current streak of “colliding with the same 
color”. The streak should be displayed on the screen along with your score. 
o Example 
. Static data defines 20 points for blue and 15 points for red 
. Gameplay: 
. Hits blue – gets 20 points 
. Hits blue – gets 40 points (20 multiplied by streak = 2) 
. Hits blue – gets 60 points (20 multiplied by streak = 3) 
. Hits red – gets 15 points (Streak is reset) 
. Hits red – gets 30 points (15 multiplied by streak = 2) 
. Hits blue – gets 20 points (Streak reset) 
. End of Game 
o There is a timer that counts down from 60 seconds. When the count reaches 0, the 
game is concluded and the summary window displays some “Congratulations you gained 
XYZ scores”. Otherwise, if all cubes are collided with before the timer ends, the game 
ends and the player receives a bonus point of 1 for every second left on the timer. 
. Required Document(s) 
o Please provide us a document with your thoughts on why you chose the solutions for 
sections Data, Map and Scoring. 

